introduction_objectives.md, before:

Introduction to Computers - Aims, Learning Objectives and Worksheets
====================================================================

 

This document is the supporting objectives and suggestions for the lesson in the
file intro.html

 

Aims
----

-   Describe what a Computer is

-   Describe the uses of a Computer

-   Identify the impact of Computers on the world

 

Learning Objectives
-------------------

-   Describe a Computer - Student should be able to state (in their own words)
    that a computer is a device which can be programmed to perform a set of
    instructions on a given data set. Additionally can include information about
    precision, reliability, data set size and repetitive actions.

    -   Purpose - Student should be able to say why computers are used in their
        own words for example this can include time saving, dealing with
        repetitive tasks, dealing with large tasks which would be infeasible to
        do manually, to access information and play games

    -   Benefits - Time, Precision, Reliable

    -   Disadvantages - Blind Trust in the machine, Only as good as the user for
        understanding what is going on

-   Identify and Categorise Different Types of Computer

    -   Size - Identify different sizes of computer from embedded to
        supercomputers

    -   Use - Identify uses of computers - games, information

-   Identify Uses of  Computers

    -   Own use

    -   Family use

    -   Broad Context - Looking at wider context users like scientists,
        nurses/doctors, engineers, musicians, artists

-   Recognise how computers affect: - this objective should enable students to
    realise that computers have great impact of our lives - communications,
    medicine, technology

    -   the individual

    -   groups of people (schools, businesses)

    -   the world

 

Worksheets
----------

 

The worksheets for this lessons are located in the file
WhatIsComputerSheets.xslx

 

The specific sheets related to this lessons are Sheet1 and Sheet2.

 

Sheet1 - this is a individual/group exercise. It should encourage the students
to think about how they perceive computers and what they recognise as computers.

 

Sheet2 - this is about getting students to look around at their everyday lives
and try to see how technology and computers impact upon it. They should be able
to try to categorise computers they interact with or see others interact with.
The main aim to get them to give a reason why they put something in a category.

 

Notes and Suggestions
---------------------

This lesson can be around 45-50 minutes if students are given time to discuss
with each other the questions and ask questions of the lesson leader. The depth
of discussion and questions will be determined by circumstance and level. It
could be spread out - though each section can have a discussion or task
attached.

Commit message:

AG:Updated Sheet naming and introduction learning objectives.

introduction_objectives.md, after:

Introduction to Computers - Aims, Learning Objectives and Worksheets
====================================================================

 

This document is the supporting objectives and suggestions for the lesson in the
file intro.html

 

Aims
----

-   Describe what a Computer is

-   Describe the uses of a Computer

-   Identify the impact of Computers on the world

 

Learning Objectives
-------------------

-   Describe a Computer - Student should be able to state (in their own words)
    that a computer is a device which can be programmed to perform a set of
    instructions on a given data set. Additionally can include information about
    precision, reliability, data set size and repetitive actions.

    -   Purpose - Student should be able to say why computers are used in their
        own words for example this can include time saving, dealing with
        repetitive tasks, dealing with large tasks which would be infeasible to
        do manually, to access information and play games

    -   Benefits - Time, Precision, Reliable

    -   Disadvantages - Blind Trust in the machine, Only as good as the user for
        understanding what is going on

-   Identify and Categorise Different Types of Computer

    -   Size - Identify different sizes of computer from embedded to
        supercomputers

    -   Use - Identify uses of computers - games, information

-   Identify Uses of  Computers

    -   Own use

    -   Family use

    -   Broad Context - Looking at wider context users like scientists,
        nurses/doctors, engineers, musicians, artists

-   Recognise how computers affect: - this objective should enable students to
    realise that computers have great impact of our lives - communications,
    medicine, technology

    -   the individual

    -   groups of people (schools, businesses)

    -   the world

 

Worksheets
----------

 

The worksheets for this lessons are located in the file
WhatIsComputerSheets.xslx

 

The specific sheets related to this lessons are WhatIsAComputer and IdentifyingComputers.

 

WhatIsAComputer - this is a individual/group exercise. It should encourage the students
to think about how they perceive computers and what they recognise as computers.

 

IdentifyingComputers - this is about getting students to look around at their everyday lives
and try to see how technology and computers impact upon it. They should be able
to try to categorise computers they interact with or see others interact with.
The main aim to get them to give a reason why they put something in a category.

 

Notes and Suggestions
---------------------

This lesson can be around 45-50 minutes if students are given time to discuss
with each other the questions and ask questions of the lesson leader. The depth
of discussion and questions will be determined by circumstance and level. It
could be spread out - though each section can have a discussion or task
attached.
